So this review the scope for the shopping cart and the soon to be the feeder sprawly.
The user can have courses into the shopping cart is going to be one of the features of this project.
And so the user can remove courses from the shopping cart so the shopping cart content is going to be
set into local storage.
This is going to be really nice because saving these in the local storage the user can and reload the
page and everything is going to be there because you save into the storage the shopping cart is going
to this plate and the contents from the local storage.
When the page loads and finally when a person is removed from the shopping cart it's going to be removed
also from local storage.
So let's review the project.
This is going to be the interface for this project you can see we have some courses right here what
are going on.
For example I'm going to select these Istomin five CSSA three javascript for beginners.
When I click here not to cut and I'm going to select this one.
So you your guitar for beginners.
When I select two chords into the shopping cart then the shopping cart and when I go to a dock and here
you can see that we have these two courses in two they got up.
So I'm going to show you know these and these courses are going to be saved into little kind of storage.
So once they use their guns back to the website and opens they got the elements are going to be here
and they use it is going to be able to remove one of these so you can remove these.
And again relo and you can see that we have these in their local authorities so we can have an alert
of course.
And you can see we have another recourse sort of law again and you can see that we have the courses
saved into this storage.
So this is really nice.
This is going to be the first break of this course and with this break you're going to learn the basics
of scriptum and also look at storage.